(knocking at door)
(music playing softly)
(english accent) what tidings
hath you, my good messenger?
Sorry, wrong apartment.
Nope, I ordered the pizza.
I was just doing
a little role play.
Yeah, we're not that kind
of service.
No, thanks, I know.
'kay. Have a good one.
You too, ma'am.
Uh, wait,
did you just call me ma'am?
Yeah, it's in our manual.
Anyone over a certain age gets
a "sir" or a "ma'am."
Okay, on the one hand, I get it.
To you, I must seem pretty
worldly.
I mean, what are you, 20? 21?
17.
Come on, who is 17 anymore?
Well--
When I was your age,
I thought 30 was old too,
But you know what they say,
30 is the new 20.
And I'm 31,
which is basically 21,
Which is almost as old as you--
Uh, I should get going, ma'am--
Say it again. I dare you!
I am so sorry.
It has been a day.
Here's 20.
And let's just forget
this whole thing.
Oh, wow.
Wait, so the purple is a 10 and
the blues are fives, right?
Actually, there's an app that
you could just--
Delivery guy:
Enjoy your mega-meatza!
I'm taking some for lunch!
♪ I don't lose my cool ♪
♪ I love to call you mine ♪
♪ and whenever I'm with you,
my baby ♪
♪ I keep my fahrenheit ♪
♪ I never lose my cool ♪
I'll let you know when
the whitefish puree comes in.
See ya.
Thanks, deb.
(clattering)
So another great week
for adoptions!
Sheldon found a sweet home with
a family in ajax. Yay, sheldon!
Is that that perv budgie
who mated with his daughter?
They were close,
and it's not uncommon,
But yes, he mated with his
daughters.
Plural?
I, for one,
Am thrilled to see him gone.
Hey, joy toy, can we skip
the screen time
During morning meeting?
Uh, yeah, of course.
I wasn't. Good morning.
Also, as deb mentioned,
We're running low
on whitefish cat purée,
So please don't
overfill the bowls.
Deb's not back 'til Thursday.
Better pick up the leashes
and toys--
Make way for grizzly feet.
(laughing)
I-I don't know
what you're implying,
But I'm not a fan of
name-calling.
You call me k-dawg.
And you just called me joy toy.
Oh, so now you're paying
attention?
I'm okay with nicknames.
Name-calling was a rite of
passage when I was--
In jail? Tell one story that
isn't about jail, paul.
Actually, I was
on a basketball team.
Nikki:
A basketball team in...
Yeah, jail, okay?
Man on speakerphone:
Thank you so much for holding--
Uh, and other times,
you've called me, uh,
Joy de vivre, ode to joy,
Joy to the world,
comfort and joy, and--
But those are friendly names
because we're friends.
What nikki said
could be hurtful.
You know what else is hurtful?
Getting stepped on
by deb's big boats.
(laughing)
Yeah, I borrowed her skates
last year
And I had to wear my shoes
inside them.
Well, youse guys
all got small feet.
Paul!
What?
Petite feet run
in her family.
My best to choon-hee,
by the way.
Okay, I'm just saying if deb
was still here, would you say,
"hey there, bigfoot?"
Shannon's right,
her feet are big.
No, I-I never said that.
You don't agree
deb has huge hooves?
Deb's feet are not for me,
or anyone else, to comment on.
It's a fact.
Like max is gangly.
No, you can't say that.
What about
"joy has straight hair"?
Well...
It's true.
Straight asian hair.
Oh my god.
Okay, please, none of that.
Listen, I don't want to be
the bad cop,
But we have to open our eyes
to the harm we're doing,
And I am putting my foot down.
Better your foot than deb's.
(laughing)
♪ oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ anything is possible ♪
♪ when you're chasing
the sun ♪
A girl just had a complete
meltdown
Because I gave her dog
a needle.
It took everything I had not to
stick her with it.
I know that's wrong.
Oh, sorry.
(whispering) it's okay.
I'm on hold with mix86!
I don't really listen to top 40.
More of a jazz fan.
Yeah, I don't think they make
that anymore.
And jamal and marcy
are so funny in the mornings.
(pop music playing on phone)
What are you on hold for?
I'm trying to win a trip for
a caribbean singles' cruise.
I was on hold all through the
staff meeting,
But no one noticed.
Lara:
Seriously?
Yeah.
Shannon's a bit naive.
No, I mean about the cruise.
Open-water nightmare.
Um, not this one!
It's for singles
Who enjoy two-and-a-half star
dining and karaoke.
Like maybe my soulmate?
Sure.
Ooh! And get this,
there's aquafit with dolphins.
And an actual nightclub
on board.
Plus, the cruise operates
under maritime law,
So anything can happen.
Pirates could take over
the ship and--
Oh, my gosh!
What if my soulmate is a pirate?
Aww, so romantic.
I prefer trips
with a bit more culture.
When I was 23,
I toured all over europe.
Sounds terrifying.
Canals, cobblestones,
The architecture--
that's romantic.
Yeah, buildings don't sound
romantic.
No. The romantic era.
Oh, my gosh,
I had way too much coffee.
I can't be that person who
answers jamal in the bathroom.
Would you mind?
Oh.
I'll be so quick.
Sure.
(phone vibrating)
oh! Um, joy?
The phone is ringing.
Joy:
Is it jamal? Just answer it!
Hello?
Joy:
What did they say?
They hung up.
Joy:
Am I still on hold?
I think so.
Jamal:
Hello, this is jamal,
And you're on the air
with mix86.
Joy:
Oh my god!
Jamal, I'm not in the bathroom,
I'm here!
You ready--
(shrieking)
Jamal? Jamal?!
What did you do?
Sorry.
Fergus! What brings you by?
Uh, you.
Oh, wow!
I guess I could take a break
if you wanted to hang, or--
Hand me the goods, fergie.
Right! Takeout Tuesday. Duh.
Small order this week.
Did you not get everyone's order
before you called?
It was all so complicated!
"I'm allergic to tempeh."
"hold the pine nuts."
blah, blah.
I did fergie a favour.
Well, maybe a thank you for
fergus.
More like "you're welcome."
I tried.
Uh, I have a buffalo wrap
from a catering job.
It's a few hours old,
but yours if you want.
God, thank you!
I'm running on stress fumes.
Rough day?
Just staff stuff.
But you probably get it.
You seem very chill
managing a bar and nikki.
We mostly work around her.
But I believe that change
starts with u.
Right. And I am trying my best--
No, I mean "u" as in
understanding.
It's all part of a healthy
workplace, or undies.
Uh, what?
Understanding non-derogatory
intentions
In an equitable society.
Wow. That's good.
I'm always happy to offer
my services.
Thanks, we are very
snack-motivated around here.
No, I mean, uh,
as a workshop leader.
I actually have a masters
in mediation.
I'm trained in anti-oppression,
Privilege awareness,
gender bias.
Wow, that's ah-mah-zing.
Here is my card.
My rate is competitive,
and I offer a discount.
Aww, for friends?
No, um, groups.
I have a group rate.
(clearing throat)
And you should probably
eat that soon.
It's not getting any younger.
Don't I know it. Not the
"not getting any younger part."
I mean, I'm not. But...
No, on it.
Eating it.
Yeah.
♪ go on and take off
(on and take off) ♪
♪ take off now, yeah ♪
Joy, I wanted to apologize again
for what happened earlier.
It's okay, it's just a contest.
It's not going to change
anyone's life.
Except the next caller
who got through.
Joy, anger is stored
in the liver.
And a compromised liver can lead
to jaundice and chronic fatigue.
I don't want that
to happen to you.
I guess you can buy me a drink.
Tomorrow is, um, two-for-one
highballs at moxie's
And I know one of the bar-backs.
He gave me a napkin
for my gum once.
Yeah, I don't really do moxie's,
but what about this? Joy, sit.
What if, instead of a cruise,
I could get you to europe?
Oh, my gosh. Wow.
But I can't
really afford that.
You can use my points.
You get a trip and I maintain
my silver elite status.
It will basically get you
to dusseldorf for free.
Um, you know,
that sounds like--
Honestly, babe,
don't mention it.
But you're welcome.
Babe?
I'm just gonna text
my friend in frankfurt.
He used to be a drug dealer,
now he runs a gasthaus.
The two aren't mutually
exclusive, but do you do drugs?
Ah, no.
That's fine.
It's a very nice gasthaus.
And what's the biggest
backpack that you own?
Uh...
I have a 70-litre
you can borrow.
For what?
Backpacking.
I have a suitcase.
Don't be a conformist.
I have to carry everything?
It's great cardio.
Oh and book this train ticket.
What train ticket?
To get you to the airport
in geneva.
It's only $50.
Joy, hit confirm.
It says it wants
my credit card.
But they don't charge you for
the first 24 hours. Hit confirm.
(beeping)
Oh, it says it's charging me.
And you're going to europe.
I'm so glad we dealt with this.
Uh, yeah,
it's definitely charging me.
Shannon:
So, I'll check in on
the faulty cat carriers.
Oh, and I know we low-key hate
them, but pet bargain asked
If we can link to
their pet pics with santa event.
Yeah, heard they got a gay santa
this year.
Calls himself "santay."
people are very excited.
Sounds progressive. I'm actually
a little bit worried
About the work culture here.
Look, the exit signs have to be
in english and french.
No. It's not that.
I just think the staff here is
a little bit behind the times.
You can't expect much.
You know what we pay them.
I just mean,
it's a new world.
We might need to enlighten
the staff
With some
big-city perspective.
You know hamilton's a city,
right? A big one.
Of course, but you can't
ignore the fact
That some of the people here are
a little bit out of touch.
I am not gonna name names.
Paul?
All of them! Anyway.
I know this guy.
He's really great,
very sensitive.
I could ask him to do
a pro-inclusion,
Anti-stereotype,
non-defamatory workshop.
What does that even mean?
See? We all have so much
to learn.
Is he legit?
Well, obviously his credentials
are very impressive.
I believe he said
that he mastered meditation?
Uh-huh.
Okay, I didn't catch
all of it,
But obviously he knows what
he's talking about.
He is the founder
of undies.
That doesn't sound true.
Okay, I'm not saying this right,
But trust me,
we need this guy badly.
Well, I think we're doing
fine as is.
I mean, if you want to put up
some anti-bullying posters,
Great, but let's not
overthink this.
Ooh! Or we could even institute
theme days,
Like "we wednesdays"
or" suffrage saturdays?"
Sometimes more is too much.
♪
Hmm... "bullying is whack.
Get on the right track."
Mm-hm.
"it's all right to be polite."
aww.
Just some good reminders,
guidelines for growth,
Printed by moi,
growth enthusiast.
I hear that.
Time to grow up
and stop being a baby
Because babies don't have
soulmates.
What?
Or do they?
Joy, did someone call you
a baby?
Not exactly.
Because that's not okay.
You can tell me.
It's nothing. It's just lara's
planning a trip for me--
Oh no.
I know.
It sounds terrible.
What is wrong with you?
You're right. I am a baby.
(laughing)
Honestly, deb is a human being.
Yes, she has hogs for dogs,
But you're a beautiful soul
and monster feet
Can never take that away!
(laughing stops)
Whoa.
Anyway,
That's what my partner, jen,
looks like
After synchro practice.
Jen gets jelly legs.
Ah.
Jelly legs jen,
I call her.
Love synchronized swimming.
Dance of the water.
Does jen compete, or--
I'll leave the invoices
on your desk
If my monster feet don't
get in the way.
Paul:
Whoa!
No judgment if they do.
I saw something.
Who do I say it to?
It was a misunderstanding.
Yvette from the board
Keeps calling. Apparently,
she's friends with deb
And says her partner
is a wonderful swimmer.
I didn't know that deb
was telling a story.
Well, now the board thinks
we need a seminar
For the staff
that they insist I oversee.
What's the name of your
anti-dictatorship guy?
Fergus? Pfft.
He doesn't need to know.
I mean, why bring him in
when I have you?
Sorry?
Who better than you
To teach me about inclusion
and unconscious... Bias?
And why's that?
Because you're you,
and I'm me and--
And you have seen things
And you've heard things
because you're...
Mm-hm?
I'm reading a book
about power and privilege,
And I know that you're...
Yeah?
You're handsome.
Wow. I-- I'm gonna need
fergus' number.
It would be my privilege
to give it to you.
Okay.
Oh! "undies."
Yeah.
That's real.
Hey!
Hey.
I'm a bottom bunk man, myself.
You're redoing your bedroom?
No. It's a hostel.
And it sleeps eight to a room.
Ugh. How many people have used
those sheets?
Well, at a hostel
you bring your own.
Oh, great. Now I need to get
travel sheets
Along with a neck wallet.
It's not so bad.
Please, paul!
This is a nightmare!
I mean, then again,
Maybe I will meet ethan hawke
and fall in love.
Or have a threesome and get
arrested for murder.
That's all I really know
about europe.
Which reminds me of a camping
trip I took.
Did you grow as a person?
I guess. You know, my dad was
never really around much.
Broken home?
No, he was working.
Like, heists?
He was a high school principal.
Oh.
But he would take us out
and he'd catch a fish
And then undercook it
and we'd be sick
And freezing
in our sleeping bags.
To this day, I can't vomit
without thinking about him.
It's just, lara's given me
her travel points.
She even sat beside me at lunch
today and she never does that.
She mostly talked about herself,
but to me!
Well, keep your mouth shut
and go to europe.
Or tell lara the truth and have
her never talk to you again.
It's up to you.
How do you say "I'm scared"
in polish?
I don't know,
But I don't think we can say
those jokes anymore.
♪
Fergus:
It's still best to avoid
ableist statements.
Now, let's move on to the four
most common types of hostility.
Sorry, I was making reservations
at a bosnian burger king.
What did I miss?
Boobety-boobety.
That's what I heard.
Nikki.
Welcome. I'm fergus. He/him.
Bar manager,
singer-songwriter,
Mediation manager
and conflict coach.
Those last two
sound the same.
Kristian!
No need to explain your truth.
That's okay.
It's a great talking point.
Great talking point, kristian.
Conflict resolution
is a set of techniques
Used to resolve conflict
with or without a third party.
Mediation just means a third
party helping resolve any issue.
Beautiful.
Keep your pants on.
I'm just saying it's a good
explanation. You nailed it!
Thanks. But actually,
we should avoid phrases
Like "nailed it" or
"slayed it."
They imply violence
and can be triggering.
So can the word "trigger."
oh, sweet jesus.
Oh! Religious slights
also fall into the category
Of microaggressions.
Sorry, you're telling me about
microaggressions?
Just something to be aware of.
Shannon:
So that's a nano no-no?
I wouldn't put it like that.
Right. Nano no-no noted.
Seriously, ross.
Now, speaking of hostility,
I understand shannon openly
mocked an employee?
Not exactly.
She made fun of her feet.
In front of everyone.
I was just trying to
fight for a fallen friend
Before checking to see if the
friend had actually fallen
And... I am sorry.
Good. You're starting your
journey.
Oh.
You see, calling deb's feet
large was disrespectful.
But by acknowledging it,
Shannon took a step
towards change.
Would anyone else like to take
a step with shannon?
Okay, I have to stop you there.
I know we want a respectful
workplace,
But we also want a workplace
where we actually work.
So, I don't mean to...
Macro-pressure you, or whatever,
But we need to wrap this up in,
like, ten
So we can get back to it.
But we still all have a lot to
learn from fergus.
Oh, I get it,
I just don't think
We need to keep drinking his
kool-aid.
Oh, wow.
That's a statement that we might
want to unpack.
Ah, right. Yeah. We can't say
that anymore because...
Sorry, can you remind me why
we can't say that?
Because the kool-aid man
expresses violence,
Breaking through walls.
They serve it at church,
but I don't approve.
No, no, the kool-aid comes from
that cult guy,
Jim henson.
Jim jones.
Jim henson made the puppets
that are offensive now.
See? And they did everything
that jim told them to do.
The muppets?
Oh my god. This is so stupid!
Okay, I think we're all getting
a little off track.
Let's just remember
why we're here.
Because you said
deb had hogs for dogs.
You made fun of them first!
I only said it 'cause I thought
you were gonna say it again!
Okay, ladies, ladies.
Calm down.
Oh!
Wow! Okay.
Whoa, there, fergie.
No coming back from that.
No, I'm so-- I'm so sorry.
I am-- I am still very much
on my journey.
And it is time to journey
on out of here.
I'm still getting paid
for the hour, right?
I already e-transferred you.
Password is undies.
Oh, ross.
What?
(quietly)
no.
(sighing)
♪
Good news! Spoke to jürgen.
Who?
Düsseldorf jürgen, who runs
the havenbound hostel?
He's willing to let you stay
at the hostel for free
If you work at the vegan cafe.
Working on vacation? Fun!
You don't get that on a cruise.
No, you would get a staph
infection.
And don't worry about
hostel living.
I bought you pepper spray.
It's lemon scented.
It's a gift. You don't have to
pay me for it.
Though it wasn't cheap.
I bought you the expensive kind.
You can't tell from the
packaging, but the quality--
Okay, look!
I don't want to go to europe!
All right? I don't want to
tape my passport to my stomach
Or figure out how many rubles
it takes to buy white strips.
But you said you wanted this.
Ah, no! You did!
You took control of my decisions
and made me feel special
And turned me into a day
labourer!
I don't think that's true.
The whole point of a vacation is
to relax, alright?
So you can take your
land-walking torture trip
And you can just shove it!
I'm so sorry.
It's okay. I didn't want to owe
jürgen a favour anyway.
Great.
But we're still on for moxie's,
right?
I'll text you... Babe.
♪
So ross, what did we learn?
That it's not cool to talk like
the swedish muppet.
Not when you're apologizing.
I know. I need to set a better
example as a boss
And as a person.
You know, when I started
building condos,
I made a lot of mistakes.
Because I only saw the buildings
from my perspective,
A way to make profit.
So, I cut corners and
regulations
And people's feelings got hurt.
But just their feelings, right?
Point is, through a series of
lawsuits and sealed testimonies,
I got to learn about other
people's points of view.
And now I think about them every
time I design a new building.
And you don't screw up anymore.
Well, I'm making an effort.
As required by law.
Then, hopefully, we can see
today as a good thing.
We can try.
To better buildings.
I'm still unclear if
there were any casualties.
Cheers.
Santé.
Joy! Wait!
Is moxie's back on?
Mix86 is giving away more
cruise tickets.
No! Really?
Jamal:
Hey this is mix86.
Please stand by.
You really didn't
have to do this.
I did.
Europe was my thing.
Your thing is boat vacations
With people who love soap operas
and play pickleball.
Hi, we're on the air
with joy.
Oh my god!
Jamal just said my name.
Joy, to win an all-inclusive
five-day love cruise getaway,
Answer the following question:
According to a recent survey
in time magazine,
What is the most romantic
building on earth?
I know this.
Me, too!
It's the royal pavilion
in brighton!
Oh! What?!
Ooh, I'm sorry, joy.
We were looking for
the eiffel tower.
That's not even from
the right era.
Thanks for playing!
Next caller.
(line disconnecting)
Brighton?
Where the hell is brighton?!
It's home to literally
the most famous symbol
Of the romantic period.
Well, except for maybe
the palace of westminster.
Are you serious right now?
Or I could buy you
a cruise ticket?
Cabin by the waterslide
would be great.
Hey, deb-deb!
Shannon... Shannon.
Heading out?
Ah, looks like it.
Plans tonight?
Hanging with bae?
No. She has synchro.
Of course. Ah, the dogs love the
new bully sticks, b-t-dubs.
Bunch of bully lovers.
The sticks-- not actual bullies.
Not that there are any bullies
around here.
I disagree.
But you know, when nice people
display bully-ish behaviour,
It's usually sometimes because
they've been hurt themselves.
I was talking about greta and
spike, but go on.
I didn't mean to say
what I said, but the truth is,
Someone once told me
that I had "hogs for dogs."
That's--
horrible, I know.
And I didn't deserve it,
especially from my dance partner
At charleston regionals,
joey mcgulley.
He hadn't hit puberty
and I think he was lashing out.
The charleston's a dance.
Yeah, I'm aware.
I just hope we can
move past this.
'kay. Um, I'll see you
next week.
And, uh, this is for you.
No-slip all-terrain
water shoes.
I got a pair after my incident,
and it made a huge diff.
Thank you. But, um...
I'm a size 14.
Oh my god!
Ah, well, I'll just get
the receipt out of the garbage.
♪ let's shake it up ♪
♪ it's kinda scary
but I'm loving the rush ♪
♪ my heart is racing like
oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ 'cause this feels like home
(feels like home) ♪
♪ yeah, it's true ♪
♪ look in the mirror
and I'm feeling so good ♪
♪ yeah, I've been searching
like oh-oh-oh ♪